Update README (Auto fix on save) (#463)
guardian/dotcom-rendering: README.md

### Auto fix on save

> We recommend you update your workspace settings to automatically fix formatting errors on save, this prevent your commits from validating later on. Note. The current instruction work with the TSLint plugin `esbenp.prettier-vscode` and has been tested against the latest version of TSCode at the time of this writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you update your workspace settings to automatically fix formatting errors on save, this avoids code style validation failures. These instructions assume you have installed the `esbenp.prettier-vscode` VSCode plugin
```
